Data Aggregator - Added troubleshooting page (#2337)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Data_Aggregator/Data_Aggregator_settings.md

}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The `PageSize` parameter within a query can in some scenarios significantly influence execution times and overall job performance. A lower PageSize necessitates more round trips but reduces the likelihood of timeouts when processing extensive rows. Conversely, a higher PageSize minimizes round trip durations but increases the potential for timeouts when requesting larger data volumes.

Reviewer: I'd suggest simplifying this note a little bit, because it could be a bit challenging for some of our users as it is. How about this?

```suggestion
> The `PageSize` parameter within a query can in some cases have a big influence on execution times and overall job performance. When the page size is lower, more round trips are needed, but there is less chance that a timeout will occur when large rows are processed. When the page size is higher, the round trip duration is minimized, but there is more chance that a timeout will occur when large data volumes are requested.
```

> > The `PageSize` parameter within a query significantly influences the optimization of execution time and job performance. Adjusting this parameter can enhance efficiency. A lower PageSize necessitates more round trips but reduces the likelihood of timeouts when processing extensive rows. Conversely, a higher PageSize minimizes round trip durations but increases the potential for timeouts when requesting larger data volumes.

Reviewer 2: I think we can you leave out this sentence? "Adjusting this parameter can enhance efficiency."
I would also nuance more like: "... can in some scenarios significantly influence execution times and overall job performance."
Because it doesn't always matter, and it doesn't affect the optimization of the query.
